Update CONTRIBUTING.md. (#3292)
Textualize/textual: CONTRIBUTING.md

First of all, thanks for taking the time to contribute to Textual!

## How can I contribute?

You can contribute to Textual in many ways:

 1. [Report a bug](https://github.com/textualize/textual/issues/new?title=%5BBUG%5D%20short%20bug%20description&template=bug_report.md)
 2. Propose a new feature
 3. Work on a previously opened issue
 4. Improve the documentation
 5. Talk/write about Textual online

## Setup

To make a code or documentation contribution you will need to set up Textual locally.
You can follow these steps:

 1. Make sure you have Poetry installed ([see instructions here](https://python-poetry.org))
 2. Clone the Textual repository
 3. Run `poetry shell` to create a virtual environment for the dependencies
 4. Run `poetry install` to install all dependencies
 5. Make sure the latest version of Textual was installed by running the command `textual --version`
 6. Install the pre-commit hooks with the command `pre-commit install`

## Demo

Once you have Textual installed, run the Textual demo to get an impression of what Textual can do and to double check that everything was installed correctly:

```bash
python -m textual
```

## Guidelines

> - Make sure to read the issue instructions carefully. If something isn't clear, ask for clarification!

Reviewer: Hope you don't mind me sticking my nose in, but I'm not sure assume "issue instructions" makes sense here?

Author: _I_ am not sure I understand your question. The “issue instructions” are the instructions that can be found on the issue that the contributor is addressing.
How would you word it?

Reviewer: Sorry, what I meant was that most issues probably don't have _instructions_ exactly, unless a specific task or feature request. I think this bullet is from the EuroPython sprint where this made sense, but perhaps not for issues more generally?

It was only a minor nit, I think these guidelines are much clearer now!

> - Make sure to read the issue instructions carefully. Not all issues have instructions, though, so if something isn't clear, ask for clarification!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Read any issue instructions carefully. Feel free to ask for clarification if any details are missing.
```

# Contributing to Textual

First of all, thanks for taking the time to contribute to Textual!

## How can I contribute?

You can contribute to Textual in many ways:

>  1. [Report a bug](https://github.com/textualize/textual/issues/new?title=%5BBUG%5D%20short%20bug%20description&template=bug_report.md)

Reviewer 2: Should we not cover adding a feature? Not all work is necessarily fixing something.

Author: I added “propose a new feature” and reworded the “fix a previously opened issue” to “work on a previously opened issue”.

 6. Install the pre-commit hooks with the command `pre-commit install`

## Demo

Once you have Textual installed, run the Textual demo to get an impression of what Textual can do and to double check that everything was installed correctly:

```bash
python -m textual
```

## Guidelines

- Make sure to read the issue instructions carefully. If something isn't clear, ask for clarification!

- Add docstrings to all of your code (functions, methods, classes, ...). The codebase should have enough examples for you to copy from.

- Write tests for your code.
  - If you are fixing a bug, make sure to add regression tests that link to the original issue.
  - If you are implementing a visual element, make sure to add _snapshot tests_. [See below](#snapshot-testing) for more details.

## Before opening a PR

Before you open your PR, please go through this checklist and make sure you've checked all the items that apply:

 - [ ] Update the `CHANGELOG.md`
 - [ ] Format your code with black (`make format`)
 - [ ] All your code has docstrings in the style of the rest of the codebase
 - [ ] Your code passes all tests (`make test`)

>  - [ ] You added documentation under `docs/`

Reviewer 2: I don't think we should encourge writing to the docs directory. Not all developers are great at writing docs. Docstrings should cover most API changes.

Because you just created this snapshot test, there is no history to compare against and the test will fail.
After running the snapshot tests, you should see a link that opens an interface in your browser.
This interface should show all failing snapshot tests and a side-by-side diff between what the app looked like when the test ran versus the historic snapshot.

Make sure your snapshot app looks like it is supposed to and that you didn't break any other snapshot tests.
If everything looks fine, you can run `make test-snapshot-update` to update the snapshot history with your new snapshot.
This will write to the file `tests/snapshot_tests/__snapshots__/test_snapshots.ambr`, which you should NOT modify by hand.

([Read this](#makefile-commands) if the command `make` doesn't work for you.)

## Join the community

Seems a little overwhelming?
Join our community on [Discord](https://discord.gg/uNRPEGCV) to get help!

## Makefile commands

Textual has a `Makefile` file that contains the most common commands used when developing Textual.
([Read about Make and makefiles on Wikipedia.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Make_(software)))

> If you don't have Make, you can open the file `Makefile` with any text editor and read the rules yourself.

Reviewer 2: I think we should focus on how to use Textual's Makefile. Its not a requirement that a developer understands the syntax of make, so we should omit the example of code.

Reviewer 3: I'm with Will on this. I'd also add that, *if* it's easy to do, and without getting into a full tutorial in our own guide, because `make` isn't standard on Windows (like it is on Unix), we should consider looking for and pointing to a "how to get make on Windows" howto. But that's just a mild suggestion.

Author: Ok, see b12fa2ac7 for another suggestion.
